have my first breakfast before we go in
Waffle House and have my second food
critic calories yeah you're having him a
brewski all right you see weren't
Asheville North Carolina I'm rambling
Rubik late and I'm a friend of
shoestrings rambling rib here so take a
look outside here we're cooking
equipment they'll open it up there's
snow on the ground this is not good yeah
we don't want to deal with the snake so
what we're going to do is we're going to
head to Florida
and we're gonna go see Garrett
Sommerfeld and Brian they got a boat
down there in Florida and they said come
on down we'll do some fishing I think
eventually my good friend shoestring
here is gonna be heading down to to
Florida dinner
he's got the daggone pistol don't
for 38 in the car yeah don't listen we
don't want to blow each other's brains
out yeah but we're hanging out we're
going to go I think what we're going to
do we're gonna route herself out of
Asheville and go down 85 we're going to
shoot over and go down 26 and getting
hit I 85 shoot 85 South and I'm gonna
drop into Macon Georgia on
Shalin and Spoony and a bunch of them
down there at their place in Macon
Georgia and then we're gonna work our
way on down 75 there to Florida that way
when we get down to a certain point we
can check out the ball with a little go
pass ball to ball to one yard and cruise
right down into the Gulf side and this
one this way we make it down to Florida
to be warm weather cause uh what do you
think about all the snow and
see straight ain't going through the
second goddamn time this
Farmers Almanac e well a lot of people
say that's but I believe it's
pretty ugly
I like it's pretty reliable this is
supposed to be the last of two year
cycle year that polar vortex goddamn
if I had my choice of money I'll
fly a sign and goddamn go to Auckland
New Zealand and be in the southern
hemisphere work summer down there what
at winter here our Alice Springs
Australia ride the Gandhi I'm also
really really yeah well you sure
drop the f bombs and the GDS on this
video but unwell
anyway we're in the trap mobile as you
can see it's right up here because we're
a shoestring or green the shoestring
autograph the roof and there JB Beverley
and mud and then right there is WAPA
Hojo and there's some more stuff by JB
and a lot of people autograph the car
she's just addressing window but I'm
gonna have him take a paint pen and
autograph the top of the tramp movie but
uh yeah this is the Toyota trampling
bill before I kill this video we're
gonna jump out of the car I'm gonna show
y'all the Tramp motivator this is not
his 81 for elder parola and I've took
good care of this car did a bunch of
work to it and got her running like the
top like a champ she's uh she runs good
she's got an exhaust leak but that don't
hurt her she's
oh but I keep working on her I keep your
fixed
you got Merlin good morning
yeah we got a tramp mobile to the
railroad track yeah yeah you're knocking
the snow off of it then you can see on
my gun stickers and stuff I'm a big gun
advocate first 1863 is the hobo Union
we're getting ready to go into Waffle
House me and my buddy scream that's from
a band called the goddamn gelas y'all
meet Jesus that's exactly
anyways
Terry's Union hobo shoestring we're
gonna sign off yeah there's my little
port flood ribbon that's funny
keep honking I'm reloading all right I'm
going to get us a seat all right
you're lucky you're my buddy man Trant
family if tre for